#summary Support for working copies in the svn-1.7 format.
#labels Featured

= SVN 1.7 Support =

This plugin uses the SVNKit library (http://svnkit.com) for all subversion-related operations. TMate Software, the creators of the SVNKit, are currently working on the new svnkit:1.7.0 which will support all SVN 1.7 features, but at the moment there is no official release yet and there is no 1.7-compatible release of the SVNKit in the Maven Central.

Until the svnkit:1.7.0 is released there are two options that allow to use the revision number plugin with working copies in the SVN 1.7 format:
 # force the plugin (the latest "official" release google.code.maven-svn-revision-number-plugin:maven-svn-revision-number-plugin:1.7) to depend on the svnkit:1.7.0 snapshot or alpha and configure additional repositories (from TMate Software) where svnkit snapshots/alphas will be searched. The plugin itself will be resolved from the Maven Central.
 # switch to the new version of the plugin (google.code.maven-svn-revision-number-plugin:svn-revision-number-maven-plugin:1.8-SVN7) and configure additional repositories (from me, located inside the same svn as the plugin source code) where this "new" plugin version will be searched.

Both options require the configuration of additional repositories and both options result in the same behaviour: the plugin will be able to retreive the revision and statis information from both SVN 1.6 and SVN 1.7 working copies.


= "Old" plugin + svnkit:1.7.0 =

The plugin declaration should be modified with additional forced dependency:
{{{
<plugin>
    <groupId>com.google.code.maven-svn-revision-number-plugin</groupId>
    <artifactId>maven-svn-revision-number-plugin</artifactId>
    <version>1.7</version>
    <executions>
        ...
    </executions>
    <configuration>
        ...
    </configuration>
    <!-- forcing svnkit:1.7.0 -->
    <dependencies>
        <dependency>
            <groupId>org.tmatesoft.svnkit</groupId>
            <artifactId>svnkit</artifactId>
            <version>1.7.0-SNAPSHOT</version> <!-- or svnkit:1.7.0-alpha1 -->
        </dependency>
    </dependencies>
</plugin>
}}}

The pom should be modified with additional repository declarations:
{{{
<repositories>
    <repository>
        <id>tmatesoft-releases</id>
        <url>http://maven.tmatesoft.com/content/repositories/releases/</url>
        <releases>
            <enabled>true</enabled>
        </releases>
        <snapshots>
            <enabled>false</enabled>
        </snapshots>
    </repository>
    <repository>
        <id>tmatesoft-snapshots</id>
        <url>http://maven.tmatesoft.com/content/repositories/snapshots/</url>
        <releases>
            <enabled>false</enabled>
        </releases>
        <snapshots>
            <enabled>true</enabled>
        </snapshots>
    </repository>
</repositories>
<pluginRepositories>
    <pluginRepository>
        <id>tmatesoft-releases</id>
        <url>http://maven.tmatesoft.com/content/repositories/releases/</url>
        <releases>
            <enabled>true</enabled>
        </releases>
        <snapshots>
            <enabled>false</enabled>
        </snapshots>
    </pluginRepository>
    <pluginRepository>
        <id>tmatesoft-snapshots</id>
        <url>http://maven.tmatesoft.com/content/repositories/snapshots/</url>
        <releases>
            <enabled>false</enabled>
        </releases>
        <snapshots>
            <enabled>true</enabled>
        </snapshots>
    </pluginRepository>
</pluginRepositories>
}}}

= "New" plugin =
There is a new semi-official plugin version that already depends on svnkit:1.7.0-alpha1 and hereby is compatible with svn-1.7 working copies.
By unfortunate coincidence that version has another major change besides the svnkit version - the artifactId has changed to conform to Apache/Maven guidelines.

The plugin declaration:
{{{
<plugin>
    <groupId>com.google.code.maven-svn-revision-number-plugin</groupId>
    <artifactId>svn-revision-number-maven-plugin</artifactId> <!-- artifactId has changed! -->
    <version>1.8-SVN7</version> <!-- the version has explicit svn-1.7-related suffix for now -->
    <executions>
        ...
    </executions>
    <configuration>
        ...
    </configuration>
</plugin>
}}}

The repository declaration:
{{{
<pluginRepositories>
    <pluginRepository>
        <id>maven-svn-revision-number-plugin.googlecode.com</id>
        <url>http://maven-svn-revision-number-plugin.googlecode.com/svn/m2/releases</url>
        <releases>
            <enabled>true</enabled>
        </releases>
        <snapshots>
            <enabled>false</enabled>
        </snapshots>
    </pluginRepository>
</pluginRepositories>
}}}